---
toc: true
comments: true
layout: post
title: AWS deployment
description: 
type: hacks
courses: { compsci: {week: 6} }

---

# Prerequisites:

- Having a backend repository on GitHub.
Ensuring that the backend Docker files are running successfully on the local machine.
Configuring a Domain Name pointing to the Public IP of the deployment server using AWS Route 53.
Accessing AWS EC2:

- Access the AWS Management Console, navigate to "EC2," and select the relevant instance.
Log in to the deployment server using a terminal with the username "ubuntu."
Application Setup:

- Find an available port on the AWS EC2 instance.
Ensure that Docker files on the local machine match the port discovered on AWS.
Run Docker containers on the local machine.
Verify that the local setup works as expected.
Server Setup:

- Clone the backend repository on the AWS EC2 instance.
Build and run Docker containers on the server.
Test the site to ensure it is running on the server.
Route 53 DNS:

- Set up DNS subdomains for the backend server using AWS Route 53, pointing to the Public IP.
Nginx Setup:

- Create an Nginx configuration file for reverse proxy.
Configure the Nginx file to map the application to the domain.
Validate and restart Nginx.
Certbot Config:

- Set up HTTPS using Certbot.
Choose whether to redirect HTTP traffic to HTTPS.
Changing Code:

- Follow best practices when making code changes.
Test changes on the local machine.
Commit changes locally.
Pulling Changes into AWS EC2:

- Pull code changes from GitHub on the AWS EC2 instance.
Rebuild Docker containers to apply changes.
Test the site with the new code.
Optional, Troubleshooting checks on AWS EC2:

- Perform checks to ensure the server and containers are running correctly.
Cockpit Navigation:

- Access and navigate the Cockpit interface on the server for monitoring and system management.
Update hostname and system time:

- Configure the hostname for the server.
Set the system time and time zone.
User account settings:

- Create new user accounts.
Configure administrative privileges for user accounts.